c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Proyecto3_WP.dll
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Proyecto3_WP.pdb
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\Proyecto3_WP_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\Proyecto3_WP.g.resources
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\Proyecto3_WP.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\Proyecto3_WP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\Proyecto3_WP.dll
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\Proyecto3_WP.pdb
c:\users\israel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Israel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\obj\Debug\3DPages.g.cs
C:\Users\Israel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Proyecto3_WP\Proyecto3_WP\Bin\Debug\b_bang_splash.mp4
